TODO
-----

falling blocks

HUD for crystals

"poof" for destroying a block or enemy

trail of dust when running?

fix the boomerang following too slowly

phantoms fail when directly below or above
	- need to add a buffer

there are dispose problems on nexus player

have the boomerang bounce off walls and ground

give enemies flinching animation (something diff than the player blinking)

dynamic levels or placed blocks and enemies based on player progression
	- if the player has been to a certain stage in the game (loaded from game.sav) areas of a map can change slightly
	- this would be certain layers in the tiled maps being shown

add new screens
	- start
	- choose game save slot
	- pause
	- inventory

add debug mode for the game
	- teleport to any level/destination
	- give full lives
	- give full health
	- give any items

costumes
	- raptor
	- taco
	- mech

gizmo upgrades - some attacks (rolling, jump-lunge, guns)

add animations when picking up objects
	- pickup ghosts as weapons (think mario 2)

add Google Play Services & Steam Services
	- login
	- logout
	- game saves
	- high scores
	- achievements

add a power up for jumping
add barking ability
add a power up for barking

add barking ability for ghosts (the most basic attack)

moar enemies

phantoms run away when gizmo barks

need to map xbox360, xbox one, and ouya controllers

player stats - show keys? inventory
destroyable blocks
falling blocks
design more blocks for dungeons


- game is linear, but, certain ways to advance past levels 
with power ups and digging (hidden)

-metroid/mario/zelda

-----

gizmo starts off as a small dog, but soon gets a power up that make him slightly bigger and standing on two legs

Noir type game
shadow monsters
other underground enemies

Gizmo is on a search for his lost brother. The last he had seen him, he was digging a hole in the forest. Gizmo enters the same hole that his brother did in an attempt to find him. Now Gizmo has found himself going deeper and deeper into the underground dungeons beneath the forest in order to find his brother.

Layer after layer of dungeons take Gizmo up against crazier and crazier enemeies. He finds power ups and loot along the way to let him keep going in his journey.

Every now and then, Gizmo finds a clue that lets him know that his brother went the same way that he is going.

At the end of the game, something tragic happens, but, Gizmo awakes to find that everything was just a dream. His brother is safely sleeping next to him. He falls back asleep.


-- game levels (Decending Dungeons)

- introduction
Gizmo find the hole that his brother entered in the forest near some rocks.

Gizmo falls down into the hole and looses his favorite collar.

- level 1 Primer (small level)
Let the user get used to controlling Gizmo. Gives them a few obstacles to maneuvre. A few easy enemies to get used to barking and clawing and their effects. A power up or two to highlight where health is in the UI.

- level 2 Deeper We Go (regular level)
This level is a bit more complicated and larger. At the end of this level, player gets their first upgrade. A collar. Opens up dig ability.





-- characters

japanese chin brothers
dog brothers
gizmo (black/white)
sushi (red/white)

barking
clawing
jumping

-- upgrades

collars extend the life of gizmo
collars give gizmo the ability to dig thru certain types of dirt/stone
ultra collar
sweet collar
custom collar with bowtie
custom collar
leather collar

costumes give special skills
raptor costume (ability to shoot fire)
favorite tshirt (give confidence and extra barking ability)

bone cookie
bone
wet food


-- bosses

bosses are something a dog would find scary in a funny way
keep the bosses dark and creepy
giant cat
teddy bear
quackers


-- enemies

evil bones
cave dwelling creatures


-- attacks

stomp
digging
barking
special powers


-- levels

levels start above ground and proceed deeper (deeper into sleep and crazier)
levels are simple and work like mario
speed thru levels can be done
the game is linear

1-5 are the training levels
the allow the user to get the initial collar and stomping skills

-- story

the entire game is a dogs dream
wakes up in a strange place
his collar is missing and he finds upgrades throughout the game
all he can remember is something about his brother
as he progresses further into sleep state, things get crazier
